all right so we are going to talk about
how threads is generating 8.3x more
engagement than Twitter so I'm going to
let Neil take this one away this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing I was traveling when threads
first came out and for the first few
days I wasn't on it my team signed me up
then over the weekend I started using it
and it was became a rabbit hole for me
because anything that's new in marketing
I kind of just get addicted and I spend
a little bit too much time on so I
probably spent three four hours easily
uh over the weekend and I wasn't just
looking at my account because I started
posting some of the same stuff I post on
Twitter and Linkedin on threads to see
the difference in engagement uh and I
was mainly comparing Twitter with
threads and then I started looking at
all these other people that are on uh
threads that are also on Twitter which
is the majority of the people and I also
started looking at the content that
they're posting on threads versus
Twitter and funny enough a lot of people
are posting the same type of content not
everyone and I started comparing their
follower ratios because most people
don't have the same amount of followers
on threads that they do on Twitter in
most cases they have more followers on
Twitter so when you take that and you
also look at the engagement on similar
amount of posts and you have to use a
formula right you have to end up uh
looking at the engagement per follower
count and then you look at that
engagement per follower account when
they post the same type of content then
you got to look at the time stamps and
try to see all right are people posting
at roughly the same amount of time which
is funny enough very hard to do uh so
you got to start making some assumptions
and when you look at both of them um I
ended up coming up with I was running an
Excel spreadsheet and the difference was
roughly
8.3 uh times more engagement on threads
than Twitter and the common thread the
theme that we're seeing is people have
less followers on thread and they're
getting more engagement even though they
have less followers like in just a sheer
total count than they do on Twitter and
this is going to go on for a while and
the reason it's going to go on for a
while Eric you want you already know the
answer to this but why is threads giving
everyone crazy engagement right now they
want more usage why do they want more
usage they want to well they if they
want more usage they want to get more ay
they want to slow Twitter down right
they want the attention Mark Zuckerberg
has even said in the beginning it's like
we just want to make this a really good
product for us AKA we want to bring in
as many users as possible and lock them
in for the ads and turn on the ads right
it's the same Playboy and he wants to
crush Twitter that's what in essence
what he's trying to do he couldn't buy
Twitter because if you bought Twitter
the governments would all say Monopoly
you already own too many social sites
because the smart move for Facebook to
do is to buy Pinterest to buy Twitter
and to buy all of them assuming you can
pick them up for cheap enough because
Facebook has more ad uh users people who
are advertising and it would be easier
for them to make more money from that
traffic than it would be for Twitter or
others baby daddy's recording go play
with your bike daddy will be there
soon yeah but Daddy's recording a
podcast right now can you show it to me
in an
hour okay so so um sorry for the
background noise but I love my kids so I
try not to stop them too much uh but
nonetheless threads is just going after
Twitter yeah okay so here's what I'll
say so as as uh Neil has has family time
so you know look at the end of the day
when a new social platform comes out you
want to maximize organic reach that's
when you start to get really low cpms
really low cpcs because it's a brand new
feature and they want to push it or like
when LinkedIn live first came out
LinkedIn was really pushing it right
it's no different here this is a brand
new product but at the end of the day
when when something new comes out
they're going to push it and they're
going to give a lot of organic reach and
that's going to taper off over time
exactly so um I think it's really cool
to be on any of these new social
networks they'll probably start
releasing more data and stats you'll
also start getting way more followers
and engagement once they start opening
up to Europe and other uh countries and
regions but if you're not on threads
you're making a big mistake go and do so
you sign in through your Instagram
username and password now if you have
any questions leave a comment below I'm
here to answer them and help you out if
you enjoyed the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you very
much